Refactor smart contract (#5)
LimeChain/aepp-token-migration-smart-contract: README.md

Obviously, an aeternity smart contract cannot reach to the ethereum network. In order for the smart contract to check the balance, a list of all ethereum AE holder balances needs to be available. The sheer number of ethereum AE holders (20000+) makes the storing of such a list in the smart contract unfeasible.
To solve this problem we will introduce Merkle tree-based solution. 

A backend app is going to create and maintain a Merkle tree of all ethereum AE holders and their balances. The merkle tree root hash will be stored in the Aeternity smart contract and through the use of hashing (and some additional data - index and intermediary hashes), the Aeternity smart contract will be able to check the validity of the migration claim by a given user. This back-end app will be open-source and can be run by everyone in multiple instances to ensure decentralization.

## Workflow

> To begin the migration the users must provide their aeternity accounts. If they lack one, ability to create will be present. After that, the users must authenticate with their Etherum address. There are two ways of achieving that - with Metamask or MyEtherWallet. The first phase will support only Metamask. After the authentication, the balance that will be migrated will be shown and they will be prompt to sign a message with their ethereum private key. The message must be their aeternity accounts! Once the message is signed, the client-side will send all needed arguments to build a transaction to the backendbuild. The back and will build the transaction, sign and send it. The backend will have several funcs, create and store the merkle tree information, send the necessary information to the client-side and send the transactions. The merkle tree approach was chosen because it is far more cheap to use than storing all ethereum addresses and balances into a smart contract. From all addresses and balance, the backend will create the merkle tree and store the hashes into a Postgre database. The smart contract will serve as a proof and migrate the tokens. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To begin the migration the users must provide their aeternity accounts. If they lack one, ability to create will be present. After that, the users must authenticate with their Etherum address. There are two ways of achieving that - with Metamask or MyEtherWallet. The first phase will support only Metamask. After the authentication, the balance that will be migrated will be shown and they will be prompt to sign a message with their ethereum private key. The message must be their aeternity accounts! Once the message is signed, the client-side will send all needed arguments to the backend in order to build a transaction. The backend will build the transaction, sign and broadcast it. The backend will create and store the merkle tree information, send the necessary information to the client-side and broadcast the transactions. The merkle tree approach was chosen because it is far more cheap to use than storing all ethereum addresses and balances into a smart contract. From all addresses and balances of ethereum AE holders, the backend will create a merkle tree and store the resulting node hashes inside a Postgres database. The smart contract will verify provided merkle proofs and migrate the tokens in case a claim is correct and the tokens were not claimed before. 
```

## Smart Contract
The smart contract will be used to verify the addresses and balances of the users and send tokens to the new accounts.

The smart contract will store the root hash of the merkle tree that is generated by the backend. That will serve as proof that the claims are valid. 
Also, all ethereum addresses from which tokens are migrated will be stored in the smart contract. In that way, double migration will be avoided.

> The smart contract has **migrate** function to send tokens to given accounts. The function will accept, the aeternity address, balance, the eth signature, leaf index and an array of intermediary hashes, as input arguments. The aeternity address together with the signature will be used to get the ethereum address of the user. The eth address and the balance (amount to migrate )will produce a merkle tree leaf. With this leaf, the index and the other intermediary hashes, the contract must calculate the root hash of the merkle tree. If the calculated root hash is different than the one stored in the contract then the claim is not valid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The smart contract has **migrate** function to send tokens to given accounts. The function will accept, the aeternity address, balance, the eth signature, leaf index and an array of intermediary hashes, as input arguments. The aeternity address together with the signature will be used to get the ethereum address of the user. The eth address and the balance(amount to migrate) will produce a merkle tree leaf. With this leaf, the index and the other intermediary hashes, the contract must calculate the root hash of the merkle tree. If the calculated root hash is different than the one stored in the contract then the claim is not valid.
```
